Add IQS040 rule (#2404)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/iqs040.md

---

> title: "IQS040 - The documentation includes a high-level description of the brand, product, or service it integrates with"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "IQS040 - The documentation includes a high-level description of the integration brand, product, or service"
```

> title: "IQS040 - The documentation includes a high-level description of the brand, product, or service it integrates with; if available, with links to the brand, product, or service website"

Reviewer: Do we need to include all the requirements in the rule name? I'd shorten it and specify the exact requirements below in the description of the rule.

---

IQS040 is as follows:

> The documentation includes a high-level description of the brand, product, or service it integrates with; if available, with links to the brand, product, or service website

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The documentation includes a high-level description of the brand, product, or service it integrates with; if available, with links to the brand, product, or service website.
```

## Reasoning

> User documentation for an integration should provide a high-level description of the brand, product, or service it integrates with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User documentation for an integration should provide a high-level description of the integration brand, product, or service.
```

This information might help users decide whether an integration suits them and their use case.
The documentation should also contain a link to the brand, product, or service website for further information, if possible.

## Example implementation

```markdown

> The **my integration** {% term integrations %} is used to integrate with the devices of [MyCompany](https://www.mycompany.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **my integration** {% term integration %} is used to integrate with the devices of [MyCompany](https://www.mycompany.com).
```

They create various smart home appliances and devices and are known for their MyProduct.
```

## Additional resources

## Exceptions

> Integrations that do not integrate with a device or service can't include this, thus they are exempt.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Integrations that do not integrate with a device or service, such as internal integrations, can't include this, and are exempt from this rule.
```

> Integrations that do not integrate with a device or service can't include this, thus they are exempt.

Reviewer 2: What would be a good example of such an integration? Internal integrations?

Author: Yep!

IQS040 is as follows:

The documentation includes a high-level description of the brand, product, or service it integrates with.

## Reasoning

> A high-level description of the brand, product, or service provides some context around the source of an integration.

Reviewer: I think we should write what the requirements are first and then explain why.

This information might help users decide whether an integration suits them and their use case.

> Ideally, the documentation also contains a link to the brand, product, or service website for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation should also contain a link to the brand, product, or service website for further information, if possible.
```
